README.md, before:

# Tribe

<b>Click image below to see a video demo</b>
[![Link to demo](https://i3.ytimg.com/vi/U-hmLXwd3D4/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-hmLXwd3D4&t=1s)

### This is a simple social media app I am making to teach myself Java Spring and an Angular!

#### The app takes into account, Dunbar’s number,” which is defined as "the number of stable relationships people are cognitively able to maintain at once. (The proposed number is 150)." [^1]

#### Tribe will limit the number of friends you can have to make your experience using the service more meaningful. One issue with social media these days comes from interaction with people who you don't really know, but follow anyway. Friends150 will be more like a small town, where the focus is on those closest to you.


[^1]: [Han, Sheon. "You Can Only Maintain so Many Close Friendships." *The Atlantic*, 20 May 2021](https://www.theatlantic.com/family/archive/2021/05/robin-dunbar-explains-circles-friendship-dunbars-number/618931/)

Commit message:

Wrote instructions to start app into readme file

README.md, after:

# Tribe

<b>Click image below to see a video demo</b>
[![Link to demo](https://i3.ytimg.com/vi/U-hmLXwd3D4/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-hmLXwd3D4&t=1s)

### This is a simple social media app I am making to teach myself Java Spring and an Angular!

#### The app takes into account, Dunbar’s number,” which is defined as "the number of stable relationships people are cognitively able to maintain at once. (The proposed number is 150)." [^1]

#### Tribe will limit the number of friends you can have to make your experience using the service more meaningful. One issue with social media these days comes from interaction with people who you don't really know, but follow anyway. Friends150 will be more like a small town, where the focus is on those closest to you.

[^1]: [Han, Sheon. "You Can Only Maintain so Many Close Friendships." _The Atlantic_, 20 May 2021](https://www.theatlantic.com/family/archive/2021/05/robin-dunbar-explains-circles-friendship-dunbars-number/618931/)

# How To Start:

### - `cd` in to `Tribe Directory`

### - To start frontend, `cd` into frontend and run `ng serve`

### - To start database, enter `MySQL` into terminal

#### - `USE FRIENDSOCIAL` to enter database.

### - To start Elasticsearch, enter `elasticsearch` into terminal.

### - To start backend from intelliJ, click "Run" < "Run 'BackendApplication'"
